Narrator: PREVIOUSLY
ON "YU-GI-OH..."
IT'S TIME TO BEGIN
OUR SEMI-FINAL ROUND!
FEATURING REBECCA HAWKINS
AND LEON WILSON!
ALL RIGHT, L.D.,
IT'S TIME TO SHOW
THAT PRINCESS
A ROYAL
BUTT-KICKING!
I ACTIVATE MY MIRROR
FORCE TRAP CARD!
SO YOUR ATTACK
IS DEFLECTED,
AND BOUNCED RIGHT BACK!
[THINKING]
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M FIGHTING
AGAINST PRINCESSES
AND FAIRIES...
AND LOSING!
YUGI, IT'S YOUR
GRANDFATHER!
WHAT'S WRONG!?
I DON'T LIKE
THE LOOKS OF THIS.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
THAT SOMEONE SET
A TRAP FOR US!
[ALL GASP]
Tristan: HE'S
IN A CHINESE
RESTAURANT?
Tea: YUGI, BE CAREFUL.
GRANDPA!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Joey: WHAT'S
IN THERE, YUG?
[ALL GASP]
[GRUNTS]
[GROANING]
[GASPS]
Joey: THIS
IS THE BIGGEST
CHINESE RESTAURANT
I'VE EVER SEEN!
Tristan: AND GET
A LOAD OF THAT!
[GASPING, CHUCKLING]
HUH? HUH?
Tristan: WE'RE JUST
IN TIME FOR LUNCH!
Joey: AND TALK ABOUT
ALL YOU CAN EAT!
Tristan: SOUNDS LIKE
A CHALLENGE TO ME!
[MAKING "MMM" SOUNDS]
HEY!
[SCREAMING]
Woman: EASY, COWBOYS!
Both: HUH?
I DIDN'T SEE YOU TWO
ON THE GUEST LIST!
HYAH!
Both: IT'S VIVIAN!
SHE LED US HERE?
BUT WHY?
'CAUSE
SHE'S NUTS.
AS IF YOU
COULDN'T TELL?
Joey: HEY!
COME DOWN HERE AND TELL
US WHAT'S GOING ON!
FINE!
[GROANING]
Joey: OH, NO!
SHE'S FALLING!
REALLY SLOWLY.
HUH?
LOOK, GUYS!
VIVIAN'S GOT
A LITTLE HELPER!
[GRUNTING]
HUH?
HEY...
GRANDPA!?
THIS IS GETTING WEIRD.
Yugi: WAIT WHAT
ARE YOU DOING
IN HERE, GRAMPS!?
UH, I CAN EXPLAIN!
[SCREAMS]
[SCREAMING]
YOU NIMROD!
YOU HAD ONE SIMPLE JOB!
GIVE ME ANOTHER CHANCE.
I'LL GET IT NEXT TIME.
HE WORKS FOR HER?
HOLD ON!
DID VIVIAN
KIDNAP YOU?
OR DID YOU GUYS PLAN
THIS WHOLE THING
TOGETHER?
OH, FORGET ABOUT
THAT OLD MAN!
NOW LET'S TALK
ABOUT YOU AND ME.
HYAH!
WELCOME TO THE REAL
GRAND CHAMPIONSHIP
TOURNAMENT, YUGI...
WHERE YOU AND I WILL
ARE GONNA DUKE IT OUT
FOR THE CROWN!
HA! WHOO! WHOO! HA!
[LAUGHS]
GIVE IT UP!
YOU HAD
YOUR CHANCE,
AND REBECCA
CANCELLED
YOU OUT, VIV!
Duke: THAT'S RIGHT,
ONLY THE WINNER
OF THE TOURNAMENT
GETS A TITLE SHOT,
AND YOU
ALREADY BLEW IT!
DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME!?
I'M STARTING MY
OWN TOURNAMENT,
AND THE FIRST MATCH
IS YUGI AGAINST ME,
SO LET'S DUEL!
PRETTY PLEASE.
SORRY, VIV.
IT'S AGAINST KAIBA'S
TOURNAMENT RULES.
COME ON!
YOU'RE MAKING
A MISTAKE!
THE RIGHT THING TO DO
IS DUEL AGAINST VIVIAN!
HUH?!
Joey: HEY!
THAT
DEMENTED DIVA
MUST HAVE HYPNOTIZED
YOU, GRAMPS!
[CHUCKLES]
WAIT...
YOU KIDS HAVE GOT
IT ALL WRONG!
IT'S QUITE AN AMUSING
STORY ACTUALLY.
HMM.
Grandpa, narrating: I WAS
RELAXING IN MY HOSPITAL BED
WHEN VIVIAN CAME BY.
MY BACK WAS, UH--AHEM--
SLIGHTLY IRRITATED.
MR. MUTO?
HUH?
I MAY BE ABLE
TO HELP YOU OUT...
IF YOU HELP ME.
OF COURSE!
I'LL DO ANYTHING!
AWESOME!
IT'S A DEAL!
WHOA!
[SCREAMING]
OH!
AH!
MY BACK...
IT'S CURED.
THANK YOU!
HAD IT NOT BEEN
FOR VIVIAN
I WOULDN'T BE
STANDING HERE,
SO I OWED HER A FAVOR.
THAT'S WHY I LED
YOU KIDS HERE.
Tristan:
AND TURNED HIS BACK
ON HIS OWN GRANDSON.
HEY, I HEARD THAT!
AND TO THINK...
I ONCE LOOKED UP TO YOU!
YOU FORGOT
WHAT'S IMPORTANT.
YOU FORGOT THE HEART
OF THE CARDS!?
HE'S RIGHT,
GRAMPS.
WHAT'VE I DONE?
I'M SORRY.
SO THAT'S HOW
IT'S GONNA BE!
HAVE IT YOUR WAY!
HMM!
[GROANING]
HYAH!
[SCREAMING]
NOT AGAIN.
Joey: WHAT'D YOU DO
TO YUGI'S GRANDPA?!
I JUST RETURNED HIM TO
THE WAY HE WAS, THAT'S ALL.
GRANDPA,
ARE YOU OK?!
HERE'S THE DEAL.
IF YOU WANT YOUR GRAMPS
TO WALK UPRIGHT AGAIN,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO DUEL ME!
[GASPS]
THAT'S A DIRTY TRICK!
I KNOW.
AND I CAN'T BELIEVE I DIDN'T
THINK OF IT SOONER!
SO WHO'S IT
GONNA BE, YUGI,
YOUR GRANDFATHER OR ME?
Joey:
DON'T LISTEN
TO HER, YUG!
WE CAN SAVE
YOUR GRANDPA
WITHOUT HER HELP!
BUT HOW?
HE NEEDS US.
WHAT SHOULD WE DO?
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
WE HAVE TO DUEL.
ALL RIGHT.
[GASPS]
YU-GI-OH!
IT'S TIME TO SET
THINGS STRAIGHT!
LET'S DO THIS!
JUST AS I THOUGHT.
I KNEW YOU COULDN'T
RESIST MY CHARM.
ALL RIGHT...
IF YOU DEFEAT ME...
THEN YOUR GRANDPA WALKS.
IF YOU LOSE,
WE GO ON A DATE.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT!
I'VE HEARD JUST ABOUT
ENOUGH OUT OF YOU, TOOTS!
GET IT THROUGH YOUR HEAD!
YUGI DOESN'T LIKE YOU,
AND HE NEVER WILL!
HMM. ALL RIGHT...
JUST BREATHE...
IF THAT'S YOUR
CHALLENGE...
THEN I MUST ACCEPT.
OH, GREAT.
NO PROBLEM.
RELAX, GUYS.
YUGI CAN
DUEL CIRCLES
AROUND HER!
I WOULDN'T COUNT
ON IT, LOSERS!
'CAUSE I'M ABOUT
TO UNLEASH
THE DEVASTATING FORCE
OF HURRICANE VIVIAN!
HOO!
Both: IT'S TIME TO DUEL!
Announcer: OUR
LAST SEMI-FINAL MATCH
IS A CLOSE ONE, FOLKS...
AS REBECCA FACES
LEON WILSON!
ALL RIGHT, KID,
MY MOVE!
I ACTIVATE MY POT
OF GREED MAGIC CARD!
NOW I CAN DRAW TWO MORE
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
THEN I'LL PLAY THIS!
MY WITCH OF
THE BLACK FOREST!
NOW, IT'S TIME TO TURN YOUR
CARRIAGE INTO PUMPKIN PIE!
I GUESS CINDERELLA'S NOT
GOING TO THE BALL AFTER ALL!
POOR LITTLE PRINCESS!
NOT EXACTLY!
WATCH THIS!
CINDERELLA, ATTACK HER
WITCH OF THE BLACK FOREST
WITH SHATTER KICK!
AND HER SHOES COME
BACK WITHOUT A SCRATCH!
BUT AT LEAST MY WITCH
WASN'T BLOWN UP FOR NOTHING!
WHEN SHE GOES TO
THE GRAVEYARD,
HER SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES...
LETTING ME TRANSFER MY
RUBY DRAGON TO MY HAND!
NO BIG DEAL!
NOW I SUMMON TOM THUMB,
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE THIS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
LETTING ME TRANSFER MY
RUBY DRAGON TO MY HAND!
HOW WILL I
EVER FIGHT
AGAINST A FAIRY
PRINCESS AND AN ELF!?
WAIT, I KNOW!
I'LL JUST USE THIS!
RUBY DRAGON!
BUT WAIT!
BEFORE I ATTACK,
I'M GONNA ACTIVATE MY
DRAGON'S FIRE MAGIC CARD!
[ROARS]
IT GIVES MY DRAGON
A BONUS POWER--
THE ABILITY TO WIPE
OUT ANY MONSTER
THAT HAS 800 DEFENSE
POINTS OR LESS!
[SCREAMS]
[SCREAMING]
BLAST HIS LITTLE
GARDEN GNOME...
WITH CRIMSON COMBUSTION!
I DON'T THINK SO!
WATCH THIS!
GO, NEGATE ATTACK!
AND JUST LIKE
ITS NAME SAYS,
MY CARD NEGATES
YOUR ATTACK!
YOU THINK
YOU'RE SO COOL.
WELL, YOU'RE NOT, KID.
[THINKING]
HE COUNTERACTS
MY MOVES EVERY TURN!
AND WITHOUT YUGI
TO CHEER ME ON,
I DON'T HAVE THE CONFIDENCE
I NEED TO STOP HIM!
YOU CAN DO IT,
REBECCA!
YOU'RE THE BEST!
All: HAWKINS!
HAWKINS!
[THINKING]
ON SECOND THOUGHT,
I'M NOT ALONE AT ALL!
I'VE GOT TONS OF
SUPPORT OUT THERE!
WE'RE ALL
BEHIND YOU!
Girl: YOU GO, GIRL!
Boy: GO, REBECCA!
I'D BE PAYING ATTENTION
IF I WERE YOU!
I ACTIVATE
GIANT'S TRAINING!
THIS CARD WILL
BE YOUR DOWNFALL!
IT LETS ME SACRIFICE
TOM THUMB...
IN ORDER TO SUMMON THIS:
MY GOOD BUDDY GLOBERMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW SHOW HER RUBY DRAGON
WHO'S BOSS!
[GROWLS]
NO!
ACTIVATE TRAP CARD!
ROPE OF LIFE!
IT KICKS IN AS SOON
AS ONE OF MY MONSTERS
IS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND ONCE I TOSS OUT
MY ENTIRE HAND,
IT LETS ME BRING
THAT MONSTER BACK!
OH, AND DID I MENTION
IT GETS AN EXTRA
800 ATTACK POINT!?
SO, THANKS FOR
THE POWER BOOST!
[ROARS]
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
A MAGIC CARD!
IT'S CALLED ADAMANTINE
SWORD REVIVAL,
AND IT LETS ME
REPLACE THE DRAGON
I JUST BROUGHT BACK
WITH AN EVEN
STRONGER ONE...
MY DIAMOND HEAD DRAGON!
[SNARLS]
IT MAY START OUT
WITH THE SAME NUMBER
OF ATTACK POINTS
THAT MY RUBY
DRAGON HAD...
BUT THEN IT GETS
AN EXTRA THOUSAND
THANKS TO MY MAGIC CARD.
3,400 ATTACK POINTS?
YUP!
I END MY TURN.
BUT WAIT TILL YOU SEE WHAT
I'VE GOT PLANNED NEXT!
[BURP]
Joey: EXCUSE ME.
I'M NEVER LEAVING
THIS PLACE!
[SCREAMS]
HOW CAN YOU
BE EATING NOW!?
YUGI NEEDS
US OUT THERE!
HE DOESN'T NEED US
YELLING IN HIS EAR TO WIN!
[MUNCHING]
NOW RELAX!
AND TRY THE CHICKEN!
[SIGHS]
WHAT KIND?
Both: SESAME!
Duke: HEY, GUYS!
All: HUH?
THINGS AREN'T LOOKING
SO GOOD FOR YUGI!
NOW I SACRIFICE
MY MASTER KYONSHEE
AND MY
KUNG FU NYAN NYAN!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO
SUMMON MY DRAGON LADY
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOT BAD, HUH?
AND NEXT...
I HAVE A LITTLE
SOMETHING SPECIAL
PLANNED JUST FOR YOU!
READY?
AND NOW I PLAY...
LIGHTNING SABER!
WHICH INCREASES
DRAGON LADY'S
STRENGTH BY 300!
HYAH!
Vivian: NOW ATTACK
HIS DARK MAGICIAN
WITH LIGHTNING
SABER SWIPE!
[SCREAMING]
Vivian: NOW,
DIRECT ATTACK!
[SCREAMS]
HOW'D SHE
ATTACK TWICE?!
I ASSUME THAT YOU'VE
FIGURED THIS OUT BY NOW...
BUT THANKS TO HER NEW SWORD,
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
CUT MY DRAGON LADY'S
STRENGTH IN HALF
AND SHE CAN
ATTACK TWICE!
VERY WELL.
MY MOVE!
NOW I PLAY
BIG SHIELD GARDNA
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
EVEN IF
YUGI LOSES...
AT LEAST HE
GETS A DATE.
YUGI WON'T LOSE!
SO DROP THE DATE THING!
TIME FOR ANOTHER
DOUBLE ATTACK!
SO, FIRST,
I'LL RID THE FIELD
OF THAT UNSIGHTLY
BIG SHIELD GARDNA!
HYAH!
REVEAL...
MY TRAP CARD!
MIRROR FORCE...
BLOCK
HER ATTACK!
THEN I'LL
PLAY THIS CARD!
IT'S A HANDY
LITTLE NUMBER
I LIKE TO CALL
MY SNOWFALL SWORD!
AND IT CANCELS
OUT THE EFFECT
OF YOUR MIRROR FORCE!
THIS ISN'T GOOD!
YUGI'S GOT NO
MONSTERS ON THE FIELD
TO PROTECT
HIS LIFE POINTS!
THIS SEEMS LIKE A GOOD TIME
TO ACTIVATE MY
FLYING DRAGON WHIRL!
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
SEND 4 OF MY DRAGONS
TO THE CARD GRAVEYARD!
THAT RAISES MY DRAGON LADY'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 1,200!
UH-OH.
HE'LL LOSE!
Vivian:
NOW, DRAGON LADY...
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
I DID IT!
I WON! I WON!
GUESS AGAIN!
WHAT?!
ALL I HAVE TO DO NOW
IS DISCARD MY KURIBOH...
AND MY LIFE POINTS
REMAIN UNTOUCHED!
HOW DARE YOU RUIN
MY VICTORY WITH THAT!
JUST YOU WAIT
UNTIL NEXT TURN!
JUST YOU WAIT!
THERE IS NO
"NEXT TURN."
BUT WHY?
YOU'RE ABOUT TO
FIND OUT!
'CAUSE I'M ENDING
THIS RIGHT NOW!
BUT THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
WE'LL SEE!
I DRAW!
ALL RIGHT.
FIRST I'LL SUMMON
MY SKILLED DARK MAGICIAN
TO THE FIELD IN ATTACK MODE!
SECOND, I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED...
WHICH LETS ME DRAW TWO
MORE CARDS FROM MY DECK!
THEN I'LL PLAY THIS!
THE EMBLEM OF
DRAGON DESTROYER!
IT LETS ME BRING BUSTER
BLADER BACK TO MY HAND!
WHAT ARE THOSE LIGHTS?!
THEY'RE
"SPELL COUNTERS."
WITH EVERY
MAGIC CARD I PLAY,
ANOTHER ONE LIGHTS UP.
[GASPS]
I'M AFRAID
THERE'S MORE!
MY FINAL MAGIC CARD!
IT'S KNOWN AS
MONSTER REINCARNATION!
SO DARK MAGICIAN'S
BACK IN MY DECK!
AND NOW ALL 3 OF MY
SPELL COUNTERS ARE GLOWING!
SO I CAN SACRIFICE MY
SKILLED DARK MAGICIAN...
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
DARK MAGICIAN!
THERE'S MORE.
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION!
FUSING MY DARK MAGICIAN
WITH MY BUSTER BLADER!
BEHOLD THE CREATURE
OF YOUR DEMISE...
MY DARK PALADIN!
AND THERE'S ONE MORE
THING YOU SHOULD KNOW.
DARK PALADIN GETS
500 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY DRAGON
ON THE FIELD
AND IN OUR GRAVEYARDS!
THAT CAN'T BE!
I JUST SENT 4 DRAGONS
TO MY CARD GRAVEYARD!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
OH, IT'S QUITE FAIR.
NOW, DARK PALADIN,
WIPE OUT
HER DRAGON LADY
AND HER LIFE POINTS!
[SCREAMS]
Yugi: GAME OVER.
[WHIMPERS]
Joey: HEY,
THAT WAS AWESOME!
Duke: DID YOU SEE THAT!?
WHY TO GO, YUG!
ALL RIGHT, VIV.
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO PAY UP NOW.
MY GRANDPA'S WAITING!
THANKS, YUGI!
Leon: WITH ONLY 100
LIFE POINTS LEFT,
YOU BETTER MAKE
THIS ONE COUNT!
Yugi: REBECCA!
[GASPS]
YOU SHOWED UP!
Joey: OF COURSE,
WE DID!
HEY, BEC!
YOU GO,
GIRL!
YEAH!
THANKS, GUYS!
HEY, LET'S GO!
NO SLEEPING
ON THE JOB, REBECCA!
NOT WITH ONLY
100 POINTS LEFT!
NO BIGGIE!
I CAN'T LOSE
GO GET HIM!
ALL RIGHT, KID!
I'LL START BY
ATTACKING YOUR GLOBERMAN
WITH MY DIAMOND
HEAD DRAGON!
[ROARS]
[GROWLS]
[GRUNTS]
All: WAY TO GO!
YOU CAN DO THIS, BEC!
STAY STRONG!
Rebecca: I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
[THINKING]
THANKS TO MY NEW CARD,
WHEN LEON SUMMONS A MONSTER...
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
ITS DEFENSE POINTS
AND MY MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
COMES OUT OF HIS LIFE POINTS!
SO, AS LONG AS HE
PLAYS SOMETHING
WITH LESS THAN
2,500 DEFENSE POINTS,
I AUTOMATICALLY
WIN THE DUEL!
NOW, LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU'VE GOT, SHALL WE?
WELL, HERE GOES.
MY MOVE.
SO, THAT MEANS...
THE FIRST THING
I HAVE TO DO
IS HAND OVER EVERY CARD
I'M HOLDING TO YOU!
THEN I GET TO REPLACE
THE CARDS I JUST GAVE UP,
BY DRAWING THE SAME NUMBER
OF CARDS FROM MY DECK.
HMM?
SPINNING WHEEL
SPINDLE!?
BUT THAT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
YOU COULD HAVE DESTROYED
MY MONSTER WITH THIS.
WELL, THAT'S TRUE.
BUT IT WOULDN'T HAVE
WIPED OUT YOUR LIFE POINTS
SO IT WAS STILL
TOO RISKY A MOVE.
BUT I HAVE
A BETTER IDEA...
ONE THAT LETS ME WIN
THE DUEL RIGHT AWAY.
YEAH, RIGHT.
BUT HOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT SOMETHING TELLS ME
LEON ISN'T BLUFFING, YUGI.
Leon: NOW, ON TO PHASE TWO!
I ACTIVATE THIS!
MY ONE HUNDRED YEAR
AWAKENING MAGIC CARD!
WHAT'S THAT?
[GASPS]
IT LETS ME SACRIFICE MY
CURSE OF THORNS CARD!
WAIT A SEC!
Leon: NOW I CAN SUMMON
THORN PRINCESS!
Rebecca: WHAT'S THE POINT
OF ALL THIS, LEON!?
I ACTIVATE HER
SPECIAL ABILITY!
LETTING ME CONTROL
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
AS IF IT WERE MY OWN!
Rebecca: NO WAY!
I'M AFRAID SO!
NOW YOUR DIAMOND
HEAD DRAGON IS MINE!
NOW ATTACK HER LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY!
[GRUNTS]
All: REBECCA, NO!
[CROWD CHEERING]
Man: WE'VE COMPLETED
OUR INVESTIGATION
OF MR. ZIGFRIED LLOYD.
AND YOUR ASSUMPTIONS
WE'RE CORRECT, SIR.
ZIGFRIED...
YOUR LITTLE
GAME'S OVER.
Leon: DON'T SWEAT IT,
REBECCA.
COME ON, YOU PLAYED
A GREAT DUEL.
I DON'T NEED
YOUR PITY!
[GASPS]
BUT THANK YOU.
NOW DON'T LET IT
GO TO YOUR HEAD.
THERE'S A LONG
WAY TO GO.
THAT'S TRUE.
GOOD GAME!
Joey: YEAH, THAT
WASN'T HALF BAD...
FOR A COUPLE
OF KIDS.
KIDS WHO CAN
OUT-DUEL YOU!
[CHEERING]
SERIOUSLY,
YOU DID GREAT.
THANKS, YUGI.
[SOBS]
I WANTED TO WIN
SO BADLY!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
I JUST WANT
ANOTHER CHANCE!
YOU'LL GET ONE.
MUST SHE BE SO...
DRAMATIC?
All: LOOK
WHO'S TALKING!
OH!
WHO, ME?
Joey: DOES THIS
SOUND FAMILIAR!?
"MY BACK HURTS!
SOMEONE HELP ME!"
OH, I'D LIKE TO SEE
YOU DUEL IN 50 YEARS!